Manual Cherry-picking for #538 (#617)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/proc-using-azure-auth-provider.adoc

.Prerequisites
* You have deployed {product-short} on AKS.

> For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Installing {product} on {aks-name} ({aks-short})].
```

* You have created registered your application in Azure portal. For more information, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-register-app[Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform].

== Using Microsoft Azure as an authentication provider in Helm deployment

You can use Microsoft Azure as an authentication provider in {product}, when installed using the Helm Chart.

> For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#proc-rhdh-deploy-aks-helm_assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Deploying Developer Hub on AKS with the Helm chart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#proc-rhdh-deploy-aks-helm_assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Deploying {product-short} on {aks-short} with the Helm chart].
```

== Using Microsoft Azure as an authentication provider in Operator-backed deployment

You can use Microsoft Azure as an authentication provider in {product}, when installed using the Operator.

> For more information, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#proc-install-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on OpenShift Container Platform with the Operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#proc-install-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[Installing {product} on {ocp-short} with the Operator].
```
